Question:
Given two strings, check to see if they are anagrams. An anagram is when the two strings can be written using the exact same letters.


Potential Questions to ask your interviewer:

  1. Should I still consider two strings anagrams, if they have the letters but different cases?
     For example 'car' & 'Car' or "The eyes" & they SEE".
     Response:
       Do not consider those scenarios to be anagrams
  2. Should I expect 'white spaces' (" ") only or others such as 'tab spaces' (" \t"), 'new line spaces' (" \n")?
     Response:
       For now only consider white spaces, but there can be many even consecutively.

  3. Am I dealing with reasonably size strings or extremely large string input?
     Response:
       The size is reasonable say 100 characters or less for each input.
  4. Although unlikely, are these string inputs sorted?
     Response
       No, they are not sorted.
  5. Are the the string inputs in specific case (lower case, upper case, or mixed) ?
     Response:
        I'd like you to consider each scenario.
        1st Scenario: lower case only (i.e. "hello", 'there') are valid
        2nd Scenario: Mixed case, i.e. "HoW IS it GOIng", "how is it going", "HOW IS IT GOING are all possible" are all valid
        Look below for details.



Now with that information in mind, it is very common your interviewer give you one question and then change the conditions. Thus,
we have broken down two condition modes below. The first being the easier conditions to work with and the second more difficult.


Q1_Easy: Consider input to only to be lowercase letters a - z or Null Values.
Test Cases:

your_function("hello", None) returns False
your_function("public relations", "crap built on lies") returns True
your_function("clint eastwood", "old west action") returns True
your_function(" hello "," hello there") returns False
your_function("start ", " starx") returns False
your_function("start", "start") returns True
your_function("jo", " job ") returns False


Q1_Medium:consider input to be any character, with mixed cases or null values.
Test Cases:
your_function("public relatiOns$", "$crap built on lies") Returns True
your_function("clint eastwood", "old west action") returns True
your_function("start here", "t00 action") returns False
your_function("clzint eastwood wood", "old west action cxod") returns False
your_function("public relations", None) returns False
your_function("start here rrrr", "start here eeee") returns False
your_function("start here tx", "start here yy") returns False
your_function("start here", "start here") returns True
